# FDA  Submission

**Your Name:** Jamiu Ekundayo

**Name of your Device:** pneumonet

## Algorithm Description 

### 1. General Information

**Intended Use Statement:** This algorithm is intended for use on Caucasian, Hispanic, and African American women from the ages of 35-61 who have been administered a screening mammography study on a Hologic mammography machine and have never before demonstrated an abnormal mammography study.

If I want to explain in this way then I shoud check on which age group I am focusing and in which mode I have taken XRay.

Since for analysis purpose you extracted the Pneumonia patients you should report the demographics of training dataset


**Indications for Use:**

**Device Limitations:**

**Clinical Impact of Performance:** Clinical Impacts of performance refers to the factors that affect your algorithm performance. For example how does precision-recall ratio and AUC affect performance when choosing the confidence of the diagnostic prediction.
What happens when the diagnosis falls in the risk groups.


Clinical Impact: You have to explain what can be the effect of False positive or false negative in clinical setting. What if you miss a patient that was actually positive?


### 2. Algorithm Design and Function

<< Insert Algorithm Flowchart >>

A programming flowchart. A high level would look like:
Start -> Preprocessing -> Model definition -> Start training -> Evaluation -> Save best network parameters -> Stop

**DICOM Checking Steps:**

**Preprocessing Steps:**

**CNN Architecture:**


### 3. Algorithm Training

**Parameters:**
* Types of augmentation used during training

* Batch size

* Optimizer learning rate

* Layers of pre-existing architecture that were frozen

* Layers of pre-existing architecture that were fine-tuned
"Layers of pre-existing architecture that were fine-tuned" means it is possible that you didn't freeze all the layers of pre-trained model and you fine-tuned last few layers. If yes, you need to mention those. "Layers added to pre-existing architecture" is basically which all layers did you add on top of pre-exisiting architecture. They are different questions.

* Layers added to pre-existing architecture

<< Insert algorithm training performance visualization >> 
Epochs versus the loss? 

<< Insert P-R curve >>

**Final Threshold and Explanation:**

### 4. Databases
 (For the below, include visualizations as they are useful and relevant)

**Description of Training Dataset:** 


**Description of Validation Dataset:** 


### 5. Ground Truth

The ground truth is just the labels that indicate which abnormalities are present in each x-ray image. In this section you also need to describe the benefits and limitations of such method, explaining how these limitations could affect your algorithm.

Since this is a project question, I won't give you the exact answer, but I can give you a hint that it was generated by a somewhat autonomous process.

Firstly to complete this segment you need to answer following questions:-
1.	How was the dataset created?
2.	What are the advantages of the method through which the dataset was created?
3.	What are the limitations of the method through which the dataset was created?

Secondly when looking at your answer:-
1. You only need to include "To create these labels, the authors used Natural Language Processing to text-mine disease classifications from the associated radiological reports. The labels are expected to be >90% accurate and suitable for weakly-supervised learning."
to answer the first question you do not need to include the whole paragraph.
2. To answer the second question you need to write your thoughts on what do you think are the advantages of using this method to create the dataset.
3. To answer the third question you need to write your thoughts on what do you think are the disadvantages of using this method to create the dataset.

### 6. FDA Validation Plan

**Patient Population Description for FDA Validation Dataset:**

**Ground Truth Acquisition Methodology:**
The ground truth is just the labels that indicate which abnormalities are present in each x-ray image. In this section you also need to describe the benefits and limitations of such method, explaining how these limitations could affect your algorithm.

Since this is a project question, I won't give you the exact answer, but I can give you a hint that it was generated by a somewhat autonomous process.


**Algorithm Performance Standard:**
what is the metric and value that you think your algo must pass in order to get this product certified from the FDA. Do read some research papers to find the optimal value and metric!
